README.md, before:

# What is this?
This is an open-source implementation of the R2R Modification of Ableton Live.
# Compatibility
- Works on Windows and Linux (with wine)
- This should work for all Ableton Live Versions above Live 9 (9,10,11,12)
- For every Edition too (Lite, Intro, Standard, Suite)
# How to use
1. Open `hex.json`
2. Change the `file_path` variable to your Ableton executable path.
3. Save the file, dont touch the other variables.
4. Run `patcher.py`, your Ableton should be patched.
5. Run the `keygen.py`
# Credits
The Implementation of the KeyGen (keygen.py) was made by rufoa. Go leave a star on his Git page! 

# KeyGen
## Usage
` usage: kg.py [-h] -i HWID [-o OUTPUT] [-v {9,10,11,12}] [-e {Lite,Intro,Standard,Suite}]`

This is an open source reimplementation of `R2RLIVE.dll` by Team R2R.

Like `R2RLIVE.dll`, this script uses Team R2R's signing key only.

This script is not the result of reverse engineering Ableton Live, and the output of this script **will not** circumvent the protection on an unmodified copy of Ableton Live.

Commit message:

fix spelling, add coming soon

README.md, after:

# What is this?
This is an open-source implementation of the R2R Modification of Ableton Live.
# Compatibility
- Works on Windows and Linux (with wine)
- This should work for all Ableton Live Versions above Live 9 (9,10,11,12)
- Every Edition works too (Lite, Intro, Standard, Suite)
# How to use
1. Open `hex.json`
2. Change the `file_path` variable to your Ableton executable path.
3. Save the file, dont touch the other variables.
4. Run `patcher.py`, your Ableton should be patched.
5. Run the `keygen.py`
# KeyGen
## Usage
` usage: kg.py [-h] -i HWID [-o OUTPUT] [-v {9,10,11,12}] [-e {Lite,Intro,Standard,Suite}]`

The KeyGen is an open source reimplementation of `R2RLIVE.dll` by Team R2R.

Like `R2RLIVE.dll`, this script uses Team R2R's signing key only.

This script is not the result of reverse engineering Ableton Live, and the output of this script **will not** circumvent the protection on an unmodified copy of Ableton Live.
# Credits
The Implementation of the KeyGen (keygen.py) was made by rufoa. Go leave a star on his Git page! 
# Coming Soon
- Ableton Downloader
- AIO Script
